CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing
First of all, thank you for contributing. It’s appreciated. This guide details how to use issues and pull requests to improve this project.

## Running
Watch for file changes then lint and test:
`npm start`

Babelify everything in `src` output to `dist`:
`npm run build`

## Making changes
* Create a topic branch from where you want to base your work.
* Make commits of logical units.
* Make sure you have added the necessary tests for your changes.

### Branching
When creating a branch. Use the issue number(without the '#') as the prefix and add a short title, like: `1-commit-message-example`

### Commit message
Make sure your commit messages follow the [Angular's format](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#-git-commit-guidelines), try `npm run commit`:
````
    docs(contributing): make the example in contributing guidelines concrete

    The example commit message in the contributing.md document is not a concrete example. This is a problem because the
    contributor is left to imagine what the commit message should look like
    based on a description rather than an example. Fix the
    problem by making the example concrete and imperative.

    Closes #1
    Breaks having an open issue
````

## Creating an Issue
Before you create a new issue:
  * Check the issues on Github to ensure that one doesn't already exist.
  * Clearly describe the issue, there is an [ISSUE_TEMPLATE](.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md) to guide you.

## Tests
We use [tape](https://github.com/substack/tape) for unit and integration test. You can use [Cucumber](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-js) for acceptance tests.

We try to maintain a code coverage of 100%. Please ensure you do so too 😉

Commit message:

docs(contributing.md): add installation guide

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing
First of all, thank you for contributing. It’s appreciated. This guide details how to use issues and pull requests to improve this project.

Requirements:
* NodeJS(v4 LTS)
* git crypt

## Installation
Clone this repository

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/sphereio/sphere-product-type-import.git
```

We are using git-crypt for encrypting configs.
Run

```bash
$ git-crypt unlock
```

to unlock the config file.

## Running
Watch for file changes then lint and test:
`npm start`

Babelify everything in `src` output to `dist`:
`npm run build`

## Making changes
* Create a topic branch from where you want to base your work.
* Make commits of logical units.
* Make sure you have added the necessary tests for your changes.

### Branching
When creating a branch. Use the issue number(without the '#') as the prefix and add a short title, like: `1-commit-message-example`

### Commit message
Make sure your commit messages follow the [Angular's format](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#-git-commit-guidelines), try `npm run commit`:
````
    docs(contributing): make the example in contributing guidelines concrete

    The example commit message in the contributing.md document is not a concrete example. This is a problem because the
    contributor is left to imagine what the commit message should look like
    based on a description rather than an example. Fix the
    problem by making the example concrete and imperative.

    Closes #1
    Breaks having an open issue
````

## Creating an Issue
Before you create a new issue:
  * Check the issues on Github to ensure that one doesn't already exist.
  * Clearly describe the issue, there is an [ISSUE_TEMPLATE](.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md) to guide you.

## Tests
We use [tape](https://github.com/substack/tape) for unit and integration test. You can use [Cucumber](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-js) for acceptance tests.

We try to maintain a code coverage of 100%. Please ensure you do so too 😉
